Create ui-c8y-1022-39-0-data-points-pre-filled-in-the-new-datapoints-tab.md (#3780)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/device-management/ui-c8y-1022-39-0-data-points-pre-filled-in-the-new-datapoints-tab.md

---
date: ""

> title: Data points pre filled in the new datapoints tab

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Data points are pre-filled in the new **Measurements** tab
```

> title: Data points are pre-filled in the new **Measurements** tab

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Data points are pre-filled in the Measurements tab
```

product_area: Device management & connectivity
change_type:

>   - value: change-QHu1GdukP

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - value: change-pXAlHAWka
```

>     label: Feature

Reviewer 2: @bozhidardedov Shouldn´t this be "preview" as it is a preview feature?

>     label: Feature

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    label: Preview
```

component:
  - value: component--KIsStyzM
    label: Device Management app
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: DM-4840
version: 1022.39.0
---

> Co-authored-by: Bozhidar Dedov <95280800+bozhidardedov@users.noreply.github.com>

Reviewer: The **Measurements** tab in the device details has previously been updated to use the new data explorer. With this change the data explorer now gets pre-configured with all available data points of the displayed device. The first one is active by default, the rest are inactive. Users can change this in **Data point selector** by clicking the **Add data point** button.  The new **Measurements** tab replaces the old one if the **Data explorer** feature preview toggle is enabled.

> Co-authored-by: Bozhidar Dedov <95280800+bozhidardedov@users.noreply.github.com>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Measurements** tab in the device details has previously been updated to use the new data explorer. With this change the data explorer now gets pre-configured with all available data points of the displayed device. The first one is active by default, the rest are inactive. Users can change this in **Data point selector** by clicking the **Add data point** button.  The new **Measurements** tab replaces the old one if the **Data explorer** feature preview toggle is enabled.
```

> The **Measurements** tab in the device details has previously been updated to use the new data explorer. With this change the data explorer now gets pre-configured with all available data points of the displayed device. The first one is active by default, the rest are inactive. Users can change this in **Data point selector** by clicking the **Add data point** button.  The new **Measurements** tab replaces the old one if the **Data explorer** feature preview toggle is enabled.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With this change, the data explorer in the **Measurements** tab gets pre-filled with all available data points of the displayed device. The first one is active by default, all others are inactive. The **Measurements** tab in the device details uses the new data explorer if the **Data explorer** feature preview toggle is enabled.
```

Reviewer 2: @bozhidardedov It is not clear to me if this change is also about the new data explorer or only about the Measurements tab using it. Please check my rephrasing.

Reviewer: @BeateRixen The change applies only to the data explorer instance in the **Measurements** tab.
